Add links to VRF v2 youtube video and blog. Fix minor typo and usage … (#636)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Using Randomness/vrf-migration-v1-v2.md

+ **Unified Billing - Delegate Subscription Balance to Multiple Addresses:** Chainlink VRF v2 allows up to 100 smart contract addresses to fund their requests for verifiable randomness from a single LINK subscription balance, which is managed by the subscription owner.

> [Read this blog](https://blog.chain.link/vrf-v2-mainnet-launch/) for a detailed explanation on the benefits and use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Chainlink VRF v2 blog post](https://blog.chain.link/vrf-v2-mainnet-launch/) for a detailed explanation about the benefits and use cases for VRF v2.
```
